[Music]
notice that today I learned something new
we have a little bone in our fingers that
llama salinger approximate that is a
scientific name but in some
states of our republic is better
He is known as the one who wants it all
tb we have given ourselves to the task of
investigate how many people in our
city ​​they have hairs where you want them to
accompanying us to see what they told us
what
I think if you think if where the
who wants different ones not used
terms about that and you can tell that
at the same time and at the same time not, but good you
where do you think it is
I do not know down there down there look
he tells you to see if he gives you a little help
it's called its scientific name is salt
English proximales and you have no idea
friend to see I want you to see the one
wants to see if it is true that
you have hair or not
my armpits have but also your hands
If you have hairs in which wants
you have hairs where you do not
shows but you do not know what is the one
swear that you do not know who is the one who wants
I swear I do not know where you're good at
you imagine that it is
well I'll give you a clue to see if you
gives a little help his scientific name is
salinger approximate
no idea you do not know where it is or where
you imagine that it could be
well let's see if it has or does not have me
you lend your hand
it has no hairs in it that believes
that you do not have but wait
do not leave anything else we want to know if
you have one you do not know where is the one
He wants and why not tell us not
have if you do not know knows good and where do you
you imagine that I can be and you do not want
let's check if you have or do not have or
no thanks
you will only teach us a little
not good for us if we want to know if
you have or do not have then you lend me
your hand
Look, she does not have any hair in which
he wants me like he wants you
you mean you want it to not be
touch you imagine that it is because I do not know
how that where we can see the
mental words are the people but you
more or less where you imagine you can
to be
What do you want? I do not know
see if it helps you
its scientific name is fa link approxima
and you imagine that you have no hair
Well, if we have, let's check if
you have hair or not in which you want
you leave me
and good lend your hand
has little hair in which he wants
here it is he who wants though
not have
what did you think there are many ill-conceived
that then later invent things but
Well, I explain very well to you the
who wants us to have it here
if you can see it and well what
it seems I have a few little hairs
in which he wants me to do so if
yourself the question has hairs on
who wants to and remember that we are
everything is transmitting from the
capital of the Mexican Caribbean for
world
[Music]